Add technical content as per the codebase repository (#4359)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/graphql/reference/customizable-option-interface.md

`CustomizableRadioValue` defines the attributes of a product whose page contains a customized set of radio buttons.

Attribute | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
`option_type_id` | Int | The ID assigned to the value
`price_type` | PriceTypeEnum | FIXED, PERCENT, or DYNAMIC
`price` | Float | The price assigned to this option
`sku` | String | The Stock Keeping Unit for this option
`sort_order` | Int | The order in which the option is displayed
`title` | String | The display name for this option## CustomizableRadioOption object

`CustomizableRadioOption` contains information about a set of radio buttons that are defined as part of a customizable option.

Attribute | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
`value` | `CustomizableRadioValue` | An array that defines a set of radio buttons

> ### CustomizableRadioValue object

Reviewer: Lines 159 - 170 are duplicates of 140 - 153.

`CustomizableRadioValue` defines the attributes of a product whose page contains a customized set of radio buttons.

Attribute | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
`option_type_id` | Int | The ID assigned to the value
`price_type` | PriceTypeEnum | FIXED, PERCENT, or DYNAMIC
`price` | Float | The price assigned to this option
`sku` | String | The Stock Keeping Unit for this option
`sort_order` | Int | The order in which the option is displayed
`title` | String | The display name for this option

## CustomizableCheckboxOption object

`CustomizableCheckboxOption` contains information about a set of checkbox values that are defined as part of a customizable option.

Attribute | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
`value` | `CustomizableCheckboxValue` | An array that defines a set of checkbox values

### CustomizableCheckboxValue object

> `CustomizableCheckboxValue`  defines the price and sku of a product whose page contains a customized set of checkbox values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CustomizableCheckboxValue`  defines the attributes of a product whose page contains a customized set of checkbox values.
```
